README.md, before:

# Copy-WinSpotlightImages-Script

This commandline script copies all images from the windows spotlight feature to a subfolder from which you can then select your favorite images.

---
### Disclaimer

- In order to receive the spotlight images you need to enable the windows spotlight feature from time to time for at least 1 hour so it can download new images from the microsoft database.
- This script only copies the downloaded images from the windows spotlight folder.
- There is nothing I can do to rename the images and I would recommend that you leave them the way they are. The images always hav the same gibberish name and when moving an image you already have you will be prompted if you really want to move or copy the images.

---
### Info
The name of the sript starts with "0-a" for a reason: That is so the script will show up at the beginning of the folder when files are sorted by descending name.

---
### Plans for the future

1. Let the user chose the aspect ratio and the sript should only copy those images that have it.

Commit message:

added tags and updated disclaimer

README.md, after:

# Copy-WinSpotlightImages-Script

This commandline script copies all images from the windows spotlight lock screen feature to a subfolder from which you can then select your favorite images.

---
### Disclaimer

- In order to receive the spotlight images you need to enable the windows spotlight feature from time to time for at least 1 hour so it can download new images from the microsoft database. You find the option in the personalization menu.
- This script only copies the downloaded images from the windows spotlight folder.
- There is nothing I can do to rename the images and I would recommend that you leave them the way they are. The images always hav the same gibberish name and when moving an image you already have you will be prompted if you really want to move or copy the images.

---
### Info
The name of the sript starts with "0-a" for a reason: That is so the script will show up at the beginning of the folder when files are sorted by descending name.

---
### Plans for the future

1. Let the user chose the aspect ratio and the sript should only copy those images that have it.

---
### ignore tags

how to copy images image windows spotlight lock screen where find download folder feature
